fix(Runner): update strike rule to track both global and per-task exceptions (#270)
ApeWorX/silverback: docs/userguides/development.md

The default is chosen as a good balance between sensitivity and operational robustness.

```{warning}
Any failures that occur in **any of your startup tasks** (including system-level startup tasks internal to the SDK) will cause an immediate failure,
and prevent the bot from transitioning into runtime mode, where failure persistence becomes active.
```

This error tracking behavior in the runtime mode will occur handling any Python exception that your code is likely to raise.
However, by raising the [`CircuitBreaker`](../methoddocs/exceptions#silverback.exceptions.CircuitBreaker) exception (or a subclass of it),
you can cause your bot to **immediately shutdown** in response to application-specific faults you might detect.
This might be useful if you know of a situation or invariant that you want to make sure to maintain during the operation of your bot no matter what,
or if you detect that you no longer wish to run the bot any more for any desired reason (and want to handle it programmatically).

```{note}
Any failures detected during shutdown tasks do not prevent the execution of any other shutdown tasks
(including system-level shutdown tasks internal to the SDK).
```

> Lastly, you can insert a request during runtime to kill your bot manually by performing `ctrl+C`, or by sending a SIGKILL signal to the runtime process.

Author: ```suggestion
Lastly, you can insert a request during runtime to kill your bot manually by performing `ctrl+C`,
or by sending a SIGTERM or SIGINT signal to the runtime process.
```
